Junhao, I'm afraid to protect the lady's hand and report it down
Madam is in danger at the construction site
Why are there so many people courting death recently?
Others protect good nutrition
There can be no kindness
Yes
Emotions are touched by Qingxue
Watching TV woke them up
Why don't you rob a bank for $100 million?
If you rob a bank, you will make a lot of money here
Your project
You're going to make 80 billion in the end.
It's not too much to give us a 1/1,000
You are just looking for trouble on purpose
Find fault, but we find fault.
We are all serious workers.
How is it possible to find fault
If you can't come up with 100 million
It depends on whether you agree or not.
You said that is to take turns accompanying me and
Brothers sleep
As long as you serve me and my brothers well, ah
Everything else is fine
Hahaha, you really don't have a king's law anymore.
Wang Fa Yunchen Lao Tzu is a bastard
You little girl can shout
Get me this little girl
Let the brothers have a good time first
Like to shout
I'll let you shout enough later, hahaha.
Do not come
You guys play first
As for this level, leave it to me
You bastards dare to bully in broad daylight
I don't know how to live or die
Wait a minute, I'll make you feel good